In this practical assignment, you are going to implement a simple Rock, Paper, Scissorsgame  in  C++.   Two  players  compete  and,  independently,  choose  one  of  Rock,  Paper,or Scissors.  They then simultaneously declare their choices.  The winner of the game isdetermined by comparing the choices of the players.  Rock beats Scissors, Scissors beatsPaper, Paper beats Rock.Your task is to produce a set of classes that will allow a human player, typing instructionsfrom the keyboard, to interact with a computer player.  An independent referee class willdecide whether the human or computer wins the game.  In your design, there should atleast exist a human player class, a computer player class and a referee class.  You probablywant to use a game controller class as well but the details are left up to you.Your submission should containmain.cpp(for your main code),human.cpp,computer.cppandreferee.cpp.  Besides that, your submission should also include proper header filesand adesign.pdf.1
COMP SCI 1103 & 2103 Algorithm Design & Data StructureSemester 2, 2017The next practical assignment will build on this practical so you should make your code“future-proof”.  In Practical 3, we will consider more complex computer strategies, butfor  this  assignment,  to  make  things  simple,  we  assume  that  the  computer  player  onlyplays Rock.The human player’s strategy is read from the input which consists of one single line.  Theline starts with a positive integerk, then followed bykmoves (separated by spaces).  Amove is a character among R, P, and S. For example, the input “3 S P R” means thatthe human player plays three times and each of the moves is scissors, paper, and rock.The referee class will match two players and return their competition results.  For thispractical,  your  referee  class  matches  the  dumb  computer  player  (who  only  plays  rock)and  the  human  player.   In  Practical  3,  your  referee  class  may  need  to  match  differentcomputer players against each other.Your program should output the competition results between the human player and thedumb computer player.  For the sample input “3 S P R”, the output should be “L W T”(L = human loses; W = human wins; T = tie).  Another example can be that for input“4 R R P S”, the output should be “T T W L”.Finally, the main purpose of this practical is for you to practise organizing and writingclasses.  The point is not just to get the result correct (which is trivial as you can see).The main objective is producing code that is concise, well-structured, and future-proof.
